# DescriptiveAnalytics_Excel

The ClimateChangeSurvey_CI_HT_SS.xlsx file consists of the data collected from the survey that has multiple attributes, like age, gender, income, states of Australia, education etc. The data are then related to the concerned categories of people who are interested in climate change and how they can contribute to the renewable resources. With this dataset, further analysis has been made demonstrating the overview of monthly payment through histogram, relationship between monthly payment and level of concernment people give to climate changes through contingency tables, confidence interval of average population who support climate change and similarly with other variables for hypothesis testing and sample size as well.

Whereas, the file EmployeeAttrition_&_EnergyConsumption.xlsx contains two datasets: one consist of the work life balance attributes that includes columns like job involvelment, job level, job satisfaction level, percentage of salary hike etc. The another dataset contains data of the monthly energy consumption during 2010-2019. Here, for first dataset, few experiments has been performed from identifying the independent variables that effect the percentage increase in salary and attrition to building regression model to estimate percentage hike in salary. In conclusion, this model was build to find the likelihod of an employees leaving the company by building a predictive model.
For the second dataset 'Monthly_EnergyCon_MW' time-series model has been implemented to forecast the energy consumption for next 12 moneths and comparision made between summer and winter weather predictions. 
